In the forest there lived a witch named Octavia. She was black, and tall. Wore white, hair in braids, and gold jewelry. 
She ran an inn that only took wary travelers in need. The inn on the outside looked as if it was for one person, but the inside could 
change and grow in size. Each room would change to the occupants needs, to make them feel at home. Outside was a garden where she
grew many herbs for spells.

One day, a group of hikers walked in to Octavia's inn looking for a place to stay. They were at a loss for words when they saw the inn. 
The inn grew to 5 rooms, one for each of the travellers. Inside each room was everything that they could have wished for. They're favorite
foods lined the tables. New boots and hiking equipment stocked the closets, they're favorite books and movies covered the shelves, and the
bed's were more comfortable than they could have ever hoped for. With all of these incredible luxuries surrounding them, they should have 
known there was going to be a cost...

Octavia kicked the door open and said "Why did you enter this inn without my permission?" She was very angry at the hikers and decided go
out to the garden, locking the the hikers inside. The hikers were so scared they knew Octavia had some secret powers. They decided that
they all had to somehow escape the inn. They looked around for escape routes but they only found one window which was way above them. They
decided to climb over each other to reach the window to break and atleast go out outside. The first four hikers were successful and the 
fourth hiker had to pull the fifth hiker out of the inn through the window. They were almost successful until Octavia came into the room 
where the fifth hiker had his legs inside the room while his upper body was outside the window.

Octavia let out a great roar. The inn shook, and outside the wind picked up. Dark clouds moved in. "What! First you come into my inn without
permission, and now you leave without permission!" she boomed. Outside it started to rain, and the fifth hiker was so surprised he fell the 
rest of the way out the window. All the hikers covered their heads and ran as fast as they could back home. Inside Ocatavia let out a great sigh
started to pick up the mess inside her inn. She was not angry really, just disappointed. Young one's nowaday had such bad manners, coming in
without invitation leaving her to scramble to start dinner, then leaving before even tasting it!

